On the news:
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2023/mar/30/vulkan-files-leak-reveals-putins-global-and-domestic-cyberwarfare-tactics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vulkan_files

In 2022, a major data breach occurred that involved the leaking of NTC Vulkan files. The incident sent shockwaves throughout
the technology industry, with experts warning of the potential consequences of such a breach.

The NTC Vulkan files are a set of confidential documents that contain information about the development of the Vulkan
graphics API. This API is used by many developers to create games and other applications that require high-performance
graphics processing.

The leaked files contained a wealth of sensitive information, including source code, internal communications, and technical
specifications. This information could be used by malicious actors to create counterfeit versions of the API or to exploit
vulnerabilities in the existing version.

The breach was first discovered by a group of security researchers who were monitoring the dark web for signs of data
leaks. They stumbled upon a forum where the NTC Vulkan files were being offered for sale. After verifying the authenticity
of the files, they notified the NTC and law enforcement agencies.

The NTC quickly launched an investigation and confirmed the authenticity of the leaked files. They also stated that they
had taken steps to secure their systems and prevent further breaches. However, the damage had already been done, and the
leaked files had been widely distributed on the internet.

The consequences of the NTC Vulkan files leak are still being felt today. Developers are now more cautious about using
the Vulkan API, and some have switched to alternative graphics APIs as a result. The NTC has also suffered a blow to its
reputation and may struggle to regain the trust of its customers.

In addition to the reputational damage, the NTC may also face legal repercussions. Depending on the nature of the breach,
they could be held liable for any damages caused by the leak. They may also face regulatory fines for failing to adequately
protect their confidential information.

Download:
http://bc.vc/Pg3xV3l
http://adfoc.us/50323391284366
https://go.youshort.me/STnhUl1s
